Sbom: Scancode toolkit ram usage reduction (#11366)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * Support for devices using MCUboot bootloader built in the direct-xip mode (``MCUBOOT+XIP``).
      In this mode, the image is booted directly from the secondary slot without moving it to the primary slot.

* :ref:`west_sbom`:

  * Changed:

>     * Reduce RAM usage. The script run `Scancode-Toolkit`_ detector in a single process which singificantly reduces memory usage.
>       This change slower licenses detector because it is not executed parallel on files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * To reduce RAM usage, the script now runs the `Scancode-Toolkit`_ detector in a single process.
      This change slows down the licenses detector, because it is no longer executed simultaneously on all files.
```

Author: Done
